Add instruction to give Action workflows write permission (#194)
upleveled/notion-backup: README.md

## Setup

1. Click on the green "Use this template" button at the top to make your own copy of this repository - make sure to choose "Private" visibility, unless you want to make your Notion content visible to the public

> 2. Give Action workflows read and write permissions to the repository under Settings -> Actions -> General -> Workflow permissions
> 3. Create a new repo secret under Settings -> Secrets called `NOTION_TOKEN` with the instructions in [this article](https://archive.ph/b5mgg)
> 4. Edit `index.ts` to add the Notion pages you want to export to the `blocks` array at the top of the file
> 5. Optional: Edit `index.ts` to specify a different export format, time zone or locale
> 6. Optional: Edit `.github/workflows/export-notion-blocks-and-commit.yml` to specify a different schedule (default is once per day)
> 7. After the `Export Notion Blocks and Commit to Git` workflow has run, your backup will have been committed to your GitHub repo in the `exports` folder! 🙌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under Settings -> Actions -> General -> Workflow, scroll down to the Workflow Permissions section and select `Read and write permissions` (this is to allow the Actions workflow to write your Notion content to your repo)
3. Under Settings -> Secrets and Variables -> Actions, create a new repo secret called `NOTION_TOKEN` with the instructions in [this article](https://archive.ph/b5mgg)
4. Edit `index.ts` to add the Notion pages you want to export to the `blocks` array at the top of the file
5. Optional: Edit `index.ts` to specify a different export format, time zone or locale
6. Optional: Edit `.github/workflows/export-notion-blocks-and-commit.yml` to specify a different schedule (default is once per day)
7. After the `Export Notion Blocks and Commit to Git` workflow has run, your backup will have been committed to your GitHub repo in the `exports` folder! 🙌
```
